# Bagisto Changes

These are the changes from the version 1.3.3 to 1.4.0,

## Added one composer dependency (High Severity)

- Added `diglactic/laravel-breadcrumbs` for breadcrumbs in the frontend shop. Make sure to run the `composer install`, if you are upgrading the existing project.
- Moved all the old APIs to a separate package i.e. `bagisto/legacy-api`. If you are getting exceptions then just go to `bootstrap/cache` and delete all the files and then run `composer install`. After the installation, run `php artisan optimize`.

## Changes from the datagrid (High Severity)

-

## Revamped admin theme (High Severity)

- Added a new admin theme with Ajaxified Datagrid, multi-locale switcher within the admin panel, notification section for admin.

## Changes in factories (Medium Severity)

- Dropped laravel legacy factories dependencies and refactored all models to use Laravel 8 class factories. If you have used it in modules try to upgrade or just install the dependency when needed.

## Changes in routes (Medium Severity)

- In admin, shop and velocity packages, this file `packages/Webkul/<package-name>/src/Http/routes.php` is moved to `packages/Webkul/<package-name>/src/Routes/web.php` this path. So if you are upgrading the existing project just make sure the provider registry is updated.

## Added AWS S3 for storage (Medium Severity)

- Implemented functionlaity such that user can now configure it's static content with AWS S3 storage.

Reference PR [https://github.com/bagisto/bagisto/pull/5779](#5779)
